# User Scenarios

### Jessica

Jessica is a 30-something, single mother suburbanite whose parents are facing serious medical problems. She needs time off work to arrange care for both of them, and she worries that her employer will deny her leave because her company is too small to fall under FMLA. She worries about how she would provide for her children without a job to return to after her parents' affairs have been arranged. She thinks there should be a law protecting people like herself from losing their jobs while on leave. An election is on the horizon, representatives are listening to constituents, and she wants to contact her representatives to tell them to strengthen FMLA protections.


### Mr. Jones

Mr. Jones is old. Real old. Old enough to remember when politicians were scared of him, not the other way around. Mr. Jones misses those days. Since retirement, his life has gotten easier in some ways but more obnoxious in others. His knees don't work quite like they used to so he depends on his Jazzy to get him around. But traversing the sidewalks between his home and the green-grocer's is a life-threatening event. His grandkids set him up with one of those wireless touchscreen thingies so he's connected to the interwebs and he'd like to use the iThingie to contact his local representatives to get them to fix the sidewalks already.

### Bobby

Bobby is a recent graduate of the University of Washington. Bobby’s parent’s are a part of the lower end of the working class. As such, Bobby’s parents weren’t able to save for college which many consider to be a necessity for a decent paying job in the current US job market. Bobby’s parents made enough to pay their bills, but not enough to save for extraneous expenses like medical bills or college savings. This forced Bobby to take out $60,000 in student loans. After graduating Bobby was able to land an entry level job in his field that paid $41,000/year. Unfortunately between Bobby’s rent and monthly expenses he is barely able to make minimum payments against his loan. Bobby knows that across the entire US, students collectively owe more than $1,470,337,468,257. Bobby thinks that this is a disgrace and decided that he wants to contact his state and local representatives to see how they voted on bills that would reduce predatory student loan practices. He also wants to find out his local representatives contact information to let them know how passionately he feels about lowering student loan debt for Americans, and that he wants to make sure that loan companies stop exploiting poor students that simply want an education. Bobby also wants to know how he can get involved in the voting process, this could be as simple as a link to a registration website or an in-depth list of volunteer opportunities.

### Misty

Misty is a mom of many children and in her attempt to not have more, and not have to take pills or shots for the rest of her life, she chose to be implanted with medical device on the advice of her doctor. She has since found out that the device is potentially dangerous to her health, and so many women have had medical issues because of it,  in addition to unplanned pregnancy, that there is now a support group on Facebook with tens of thousands of members and many subgroups. Misty is worried that some of the things she's noticed, and others she hadn't even realized until finding the group, are signs of more problems to come and she wants it removed. Her primary doctor refuses to listen to her and insists it's all in her head or the results of aging and having had children. Misty was unsatisfied with his diagnosis so she sought a second and even third opinion. None of the doctors seemed to know or say the same thing. She is fed up with the general lack of knowledge of health care professionals, who should know better, so she's trying to pursue other avenues in order to find a doctor with knowledge and a way to force her insurance company to have to pay for it. They are also very lacking in knowledge of the device. Misty needs to now turn to the legislature to help her through the changing of laws. Unfortunately, Misty has no idea who her representatives are or how to find them.

### Hugh Jass

Dr. Jass is a well respected proctologist within the small community of Fertile, Iowa. Hugh is concerned with the water quality within his community, he's been seeing a lot of patients lately with bouts of diarrhea and he thinks it's due to the statewide bill that was recently passed which cut funding to water utilities. He's heard rumblings about how the local plant manager had to make cuts to the treatment section of the class. This has angered Hugh Jass. He's decided that as a respected proctologist and community leader, he must contact his local representatives, see how they voted and hold them accountable for this travesty. Perhaps even send them some pictures of the devastation that this tainted tap water has caused his community. In addition Dr. Jass has hired the best law firm in the community to handle this potential suit; the law offices of **Dewey Cheetum and Howe**
