user-stories.md, before:

# User Stories

### MVP

As developers, we want to return contact information for U.S. senators because people like Jessica, Mr. Jones, Bobby, and Misty want to contact them.

As developers, we want to write valid HTML so that Jessica, Bobby, Mr. Jones, and Misty can use any browser to access our site.

As a user, Jessica wants to be able to enter her zip code into the app because she wants contact information for her U.S. senators.

As a mom, Misty wants a site that makes it easier to find out who her local representatives are so she can contact them if she has an idea for a new law or one that needs to be changed, with regards to her family.

As a concerned citizen, Misty wants to be able to easily find the rep finder site with a memorable name so she can tell all her friends.

As a registered voter, Mr. Jones wants his representatives to listen to his voice so he can live in a society worth living in!

As a senior citizen, Mr. Jones wants to use an app that is simple and easy to read so he doesn't have to strain his already weak eyes.

As an older gentleman with better things to do, Mr. Jones want to contact someone quickly so he can get back to watching Matlock.

As an electronically adept youth, Bobby wants to have a web-app that's intuitive, modern, clean and easy to use.

As an electronically inclined millenial, Bobby wants the web app to be just as useful on his phone or tablet as it is on his desktop.

As a frustrated, underpaid young person with a large amount of debt, Bobby wants an efficient and free way to contact his representatives to voice his opposition to exorbitant student loan debt across the US.

### Stretch

As a concerned mom, Misty has seen some, what she deems as "inappropriate behavior" going on around her kids' school so she wants to contact all of her local reps in one quick, easy platform so she can save time for her family.

As a concerned citizen, Mr. Jones wants to also know where his elected representatives will be appearing next so he can bring his issues to them directly.

As a somewhat less-informed voter, Bobby wants an app that will aggregate representatives and their voting record as well as a small list of ways to get involved. He wants this displayed in a clean and easy-to-read format.

As a beautiful sweetie-pie, Bobby wants this web app to not only provide contact information but pictures of their representatives as well so he can voice his concerns.

As a user, Jessica wants to be able to enter her home state into the app because she wants contact information for her U.S. senators.

As a person who just moved, Jessica wants to be able to register to vote in her current district, so her representatives will care about her opinions.

As a busy mother whose children grab at her devices, Jessica wants her emails persisted so that if the kids navigate away from the page, she can go back to the email she was writing.

Commit message:

Update user-stories.md with persist contact info stretch goal

user-stories.md, after:

# User Stories

### MVP

As developers, we want to return contact information for U.S. senators because people like Jessica, Mr. Jones, Bobby, and Misty want to contact them.

As developers, we want to write valid HTML so that Jessica, Bobby, Mr. Jones, and Misty can use any browser to access our site.

As a user, Jessica wants to be able to enter her zip code into the app because she wants contact information for her U.S. senators.

As a mom, Misty wants a site that makes it easier to find out who her local representatives are so she can contact them if she has an idea for a new law or one that needs to be changed, with regards to her family.

As a concerned citizen, Misty wants to be able to easily find the rep finder site with a memorable name so she can tell all her friends.

As a registered voter, Mr. Jones wants his representatives to listen to his voice so he can live in a society worth living in!

As a senior citizen, Mr. Jones wants to use an app that is simple and easy to read so he doesn't have to strain his already weak eyes.

As an older gentleman with better things to do, Mr. Jones want to contact someone quickly so he can get back to watching Matlock.

As an electronically adept youth, Bobby wants to have a web-app that's intuitive, modern, clean and easy to use.

As an electronically inclined millenial, Bobby wants the web app to be just as useful on his phone or tablet as it is on his desktop.

As a frustrated, underpaid young person with a large amount of debt, Bobby wants an efficient and free way to contact his representatives to voice his opposition to exorbitant student loan debt across the US.

### Stretch

As a concerned mom, Misty has seen some, what she deems as "inappropriate behavior" going on around her kids' school so she wants to contact all of her local reps in one quick, easy platform so she can save time for her family.

As a concerned citizen, Mr. Jones wants to also know where his elected representatives will be appearing next so he can bring his issues to them directly.

As a somewhat less-informed voter, Bobby wants an app that will aggregate representatives and their voting record as well as a small list of ways to get involved. He wants this displayed in a clean and easy-to-read format.

As a beautiful sweetie-pie, Bobby wants this web app to not only provide contact information but pictures of their representatives as well so he can voice his concerns.

As a user, Jessica wants to be able to enter her home state into the app because she wants contact information for her U.S. senators.

As a person who just moved, Jessica wants to be able to register to vote in her current district, so her representatives will care about her opinions.

As a busy mother whose children grab at her devices, Jessica wants her representatives' contact info persisted so that if the kids navigate away from the page, she can go back to the email she was writing.

As a busy mother whose children grab at her devices, Jessica wants her emails persisted so that if the kids navigate away from the page, she can go back to the email she was writing.
